Hahahaha
collect
He went crazy and let Linger go, I won't kill you
You can give me a try.
Chu Tangfeng's mother is cheap, you pull it down
Shut up if you don't like it
My boss is crazy.
Otherwise I don't mind bleeding this bitch
Crazy people, don't listen to them
Come on, come on, do it!
I just wanted to see if it was your knife block.
Still my brother's knife
Hidden Wind Dog, go away, don't blame me
I'll leave it to you in the future about my dad, Linger, I
Leave now
My mission ended successfully
Ke Linger descended on Brother Remnant Feng
Don't delay your business because of me.
Let's go!
Okay, don't be so wordy.
You want to kill me, right?
Come on, come on
Why are you so cowardly?
Do you need me to teach you where to cut?
I can warn you
If you don't cut again
I'm about to do it, hahaha.
Yeah.
Stop
Hahahaha
I'll fuck you
Brother Dafeng, stop fighting
Eat shit and grow up, don't fight
good boy
How dare you threaten me with a knife to feel uncomfortable here
You can ask me if Lin Shenggun is scared
Let go of Linger
I'm late to be a person, you are doing personnel?
Then you deserve it too.
Get up get up
Boy, let me knock you out
The reason why I haven't killed you yet
I just want your sister Ling'er to see
Are you a fucking human or a ghost?
Is it an undercover agent sent by Jingwei?
Ah!
I'm going to ask you one last time.
Are you an undercover agent sent by Jingwei?
I am your father
Oh, my mother.
Brother Sanfeng
Eunuch Zhao
Come, come, chop him up for me and feed it to the dogs
Yes stop